## Overview
This project contains analysis on new pharmaceutical company that specilizes in anti_cancer medications. Recently, it began screening for potential treatments for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), a commonly occurring form of skin cancer. We have taken the samaple of 249 mice who were identifies with SCC tumor received treatment with different drug regimens. Here, we have observed and measured the teratment of those mice for 45 days to get the insight out of it. The purpose of this study was to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals’ drug of interest, Capomulin, against the other treatment regimens.We have use different aggregrations, generated tables and figures out of it to present the finding to our best. 

This analysis has been performed in Jupyter lab using different python libraries like pandas, numpy, matplotlib etc, inorder to manipulate data and show them visually. We have performed calculations such as mean, median, and mode to see the distributions of the data. Calcualted Quatrials to find out the outliers and presented in the boxplot. We have created a scatter plot on mouse weight versus average observed tumor volume for the entire Capomulin treatment regimen. Finally, we calculated the correlation coefficient and linear regression model between mouse weight and average observed tumor volume for the entire Capomulin treatment regimen.
 
**PyPymacuticallnt** analyzes 249 mice who were identified with SCC tumor and received treatment with different drug regimens.It gives us insight on which drug regimen worked most effectively with this commonly sink cancer. There are 2 main files in this project:

1. [Resources](https://github.com/shikhasitaula/Pymaceuticals_analysis/tree/master/Resources) : This folder stores a csv files named "Mouse_metadata.csv and Study_result.csv" that has been used in this analysis to find out the insighs on the drug regimens. 
3. [Pymaceuticals_analysis.ipynb](https://github.com/shikhasitaula/Pymaceuticals_analysis/tree/master/PyPymacuticalInt) : This is the Jyputer file containing the script to manupulate the data. It has different python imported to perform and manipulate the data and show them visually. 
